Review section about the TemplatedPicker control. (#623)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/templatedpicker/commands.md

---
title: Commands
page_title: .NET MAUI TemplatedPicker Documentation - Commands

> description:  Use the exposed commands of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedPicker to programmatically manipulate the display of its popup and clear selected dates or accept or cancel the date selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description:  Use the exposed commands of the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI TemplatedPicker to programmatically manipulate the display of its popup and clear selected dates or handle date selection acceptance or cancellation.
```
